hi anyhow I'm chef Tom welcome to
fortune cooking today I'm going to show
you how to make the famous Korean Shelby
short ribs and I have a slab of beef
short rib with boned and also I have the
sauce already make I will list the
ingredients for you and also I have a
processor food the processors with green
onion onion garlic and asian peers okay
I'm going to blend that and I'm gonna
mix them with the sauce and marinate the
ribs for overnight okay the next thing
I'm going to pour this in on the top of
the ribs I'm just gonna brush through
really quick just like this and then I'm
gonna pour the sauce over the ribs okay
and then I'm gonna put in the fridge and
I let them marinate for overnight or you
can just do it like a 4 to 6 hours
there's plenty time okay and at the
Korean restaurant you can order a lot o
like short ribs that usually come with
the really thin slices and with the
boned but this one I got is the whole
slab alright okay I show you how to make
it okay i marinate the short ribs
overnight that's what they look like
nice and happy ready to grow and I put
my grill on medium and you can use a Pam
or you can use butter for the short way
butter is really tasty got a better
flavor
so I just like the Kota with the powder
okay not much just like this and then
you make sure your grill is like a
medium heat okay and then you're just
gonna put place the ribs one by one like
this okay I usually put the meat side
down first
and the thought is so tasty is really
good with the rice over with the rice so
those what I'm gonna do okay and you
want to grill about maybe four to five
minutes on each side okay half to two
minutes you get them a quick brush just
like this let the sauce drizzle down to
the bottom off the ribs was marrying it
into the give them more flavor to the
meat okay just like this okay after five
minutes I check one piece it look really
good the smell is so amazing right now
you just give them a quick flip just
like this okay just clip every one of
them and then you give them a quick
brush again here we go
just like this
okay and this time we're gonna cook to
another five minutes okay after two
minutes and get them a quick brush get
the more flavor there we go
and keeping the medium heat okay okay
now it's done and what I usually do is I
flip it one more time okay which is the
meat side I turn over look how good they
look
whew and then what I did is the sauce
you don't want to go to waste you just
pull it the sauce in like this and now
let the sauce nice and cooked temp the
heat high and let the stock crumble nice
nice and thick and you can use the sauce
to pull over the rice it's still good
like this okay this sauce is so good you
don't want to go to waste
all right what I did I just gonna wait
until the sauce bring to a boil
okay after a couple minutes the sauce is
nice and thick it's ready to serve and
the meat is not overcook because the
five minutes on that side on the big
side is literally just kind of like the
medium-rare so now you got a more sauce
caramelize and give the meat more flavor
now we're ready to serve here is your
delicious Korean Chloe short ribs my
kids gonna love this I hope you liked
the video I'm chef Tom thank you for
watching fortune cooking please
subscribe and comment I see you next
time